display dual-core processor to make
multitasking a breeze about the test s
on the bag by medical digital camera
with HD video and your presenter and
also camera off my truck for don't video
conferencing what makes it great really
it's what I've experienced we'll start
here with the laptop stock
13.9 connected a keyboard
son the demo varies a lot I stairs
stick that in there that's it
there we go
serving there's what's up
so we'll start over here with what we
call the mobile view they said this is
your phone it's not running an emulator
it is your phone so I go through here
those pools of my widgets
I get scroll through I can go into my
contacts those are all my cat takes I
could go into here send a text message
it's really great send text message
usually for worry about short bumps not
anymore you have a full keyboard here
you get in there need to start typing
away got put a name of their first sorry
so you're typing with the full keyboard
and then as you saw in there you can
rotate this you go fullscreen
you can switch between applications up
on top go to home screen
and this is all your abs so there's no
sinking there's no nothing it is your
phone
in my stead
mention the browser this is a true fault
firefox browser so when you're in here
looking at your email it's your email
you want to look at facebook instapoll
facebook site you're not looking at a
mobile site i commented in wanna watch a
YouTube video watch a YouTube video we
support flash 10
run that real quick
go fullscreen
it really makes this unique and unlike
any other phone on the market or any
other product on the market is really
how we integrate the two features so if
they go here and I'm looking for a tapas
restaurant in Las Vegas wit have a phone
number you click on it it'll populate it
right out it'll populate in your mobile
view you want to call them later right
click
and save it the context
what's really great new context here
it can copy and paste
so I highlight here
hi Kathy
come here
simple very easy to use really
integrates the two worlds together this
is what config converge computing is
it's really it's your desktop full
desktop browser for Firefox browser and
your phone so you scroll on your mouse
it scrolls and it's goes in your mobile
view let's go through your head over
there
USP so what we have here sit down but
this is the dock as a hdmi cable out the
back three USB ports power and audio out
yes
oh that's good
there it is look through we could go
into a video here
landscapes
you're wondering full full HD video
right off of your smartphone